okay guys episode 10 is about to start
I'm chilling in my PJs tonight by the
way so yeah let's do this oh my god
okay let's see what this new group is
all about let's get into it
yeah okay go I never get tired of this
it's always it's always so exciting oh
man here we go should I sing in sync
again oh god the improbable head shots
and why are all the female walkers in
long maxi dresses and why is this guy
look like he's an indie band he looks
like he just walked offstage too close
for comfort
[Music]
didn't walk it - okay that look like you
broke a stick so nice get over here
she's all that she nobody ran I'm glad
she believed us right
for these dramatic stares I know has he
taken a shower yet I mean really
that was a really long open
[Music]
cemetery she lives out there sometime he
knows she's got more posting you would
be what's your name maybe kill her maybe
they don't you should say your jam de
carril cow how do you know her but I
didn't think you'd care Daryl what the
heck hahahaha
if Daryl kills this guy oh my god
[Music]
[Applause]
commercial we're gonna see that that
junkyard anything like that it looks
like cats yeah it looks like someone's
about to come out
are you blind when you're born are you
blind when you're born
can you see in the dark can you look at
a king would you sit on his throne why
are they so and they're all so dirty and
no emotion
Rick ha ha ha they're just in the middle
of ghost island thrilled I was like ooh
this one looks familiar
oh it's Rick
his smile bow oh my god are these people
crazy or they getting into formation
really like someone's about to break out
into song her hair we own your lives
what about her she looks like she's in
an indie band too with that haircut I'm
supposed baby bags she should start a
band with that other guy what Xavier Oh
Gabriel join us fighting ain't gonna say
yes right away no oh why are they this
way
oh my god these people man what is up
with them oh it's okay Irish Holman
Hardt
every time I hold hands heck that's like
their Watchtower dang we having cans
sometimes insides wrong yes
[Music]
where'd he land Michelle
where'd he go oh the thing what thing oh
is this like a test oh yes
oh it's a test to see if you can survive
that thing oh [ __ ]
keyboard that's everyone's weapon of
choice man oh my god yes you have to use
your imagination oh my god he has a
literal whole force me
yes
[Music]
yes Rick vibes
his poor hand oh my god an actual hole
no man he is like a superhuman what the
heck
no he's just mentally the day he dies
what we really said that looks like a
green screen okay okay obvious poor leg
man he's so happy
[Music]
interactions just make me so happy here
ah Rick's the best man he's just too
much he comes emerging with a freakin
hole through his hand frickin like
broken leg for all we know he was just
like find her oh god is it gonna be
terrible did she not know he was alive
probably not they haven't seen each
other a long time right
probably sways cracked oh I was
beginning to lose faith can I show you
well did you smile confident Gabriel is
us show me enemies can become friends
you're sticking together and that's it
what is your problem
she's not looking for a fight right now
I don't care she's about to die like I
feel like her death is imminent
Tara get out for any of us tell us right
now to look oh she knows what Oceanside
[Music]
because we want
was it that cat from Claire that like
ceramic multicolored catch or did she
have some cat that we don't know about
who was was he referring to the cat that
she went in and said it's just you're
damn gorgeous
yes I thought she took yeah I think of
us oh that was but that was just another
thing like why don't I keep doing this
to me so it's better to just act like no
the wounds are still fresh don't know
but if she goes back she's gonna find
out I'm sad that she's living in a
bubble she doesn't even know like I mean
ignorance is bliss I guess
[Music]
still on the fence looks okay cuz you
what happened oh it didn't otherwise
[Music]
another ball episode alright so that was
710 um I liked that episode there were a
lot of moments where I was like it went
by pretty fast in my opinion still a
little you know slower um not like last
week I liked this one more I think I
loved seeing Rick happy and making that
deal and just showing everyone what Rick
Grimes is all about being able to take
on that Walker I feel like that was you
know probably a test like no one else
was probably able to do it yeah it was
just so good and then of course still
all the little were shown things they
keep throwing in or just making me so
happy like I really hope that like
people are getting the point now it's
like Rick and Michonne are here for the
long haul
like I still can't believe there are
people that think that some other woman
is gonna come along and become Rick's
long-term love interest like no oh the
thing with the cat that was so nice that
was a reference to clear which is so
nice oh my gosh I saw on Twitter um two
dead chicks Twitter they were like
roaches gave her an anniversary gift
okay because it has been it's been
extinct almost pretty much exactly a
year since Rick and Michelle got
together so that was actually kind of
cute can you believe it's already been a
year
oh my gosh it feels like they just got
together I can't believe it's been a
year since that episode aired Wow
I've already been in this for a long
time this was good
I felt very hopeful and obviously good
to know that Gabriel wasn't hot I'm
being a traitor Daryl and Carol that was
really nice it's always like good to see
them reunite um but I swear like I
almost feel like you know he probably
shouldn't have told her what was going
on but I mean I feel bad now because now
she's like living in this bubble
thinking everything's good like lalala
I'm not missing out on anything and it's
like well well yeah but that was sad
anyway but next week it looks like
another bottle episode at the sanctuary
with Dwight and Eugene it just seems
really dark you know what I mean like
it's reminded me of when we saw the
promo for the cell you know the cell
ended up being like an OK episode but
you don't want to see something too dark
you know depressing and look till it
looked a little depressing it looked a
little grim looks like we're gonna be
seeing more Dwight with his struggle
about whether he's negan or he wants to
you know ditch them which I think we all
know he probably will I think and then
poor Eugene just like walking around
crying I don't want to see that like you
know and it's weird I feel like it's
been a while since we've seen negan was
he in yes he wasn't in last week and
then it's just been a while it's been 2
months or however long so now when they
showed negan I was like oh right he's a
thing he's here we're gonna get that
next week and I had read or accidentally
saw spoilers that episode 12 is gonna be
like very rick and michonne heavy and
that some stuff might be going down so
uh yeah so I'm looking forward to 712
now not that I'm not looking forward to
next week but none of my faves are in
next week and it looks very dark and I'm
not a big fan of that I mean I know the
show is dark but like it's a different
kind
dark at the sanctuary but yeah so thank
you guys for watching and I actually
uploaded a cover of Carl Poppa earlier
today so in case you missed that I'll
link it here at the end of the video and
yeah peace out see you next week